docs/06_reference/modules.md, before:

# Module reference

Pixlet scripts have access to a couple of modules that can be very
helpful in developing applets. To make use of a module, use the `load`
statement.

The example below would load the `render.star` Starlark module,
extract the `render` identifier and make it available to the script
as the symbol `render`.

```starlark
load("render.star", "render")
```

It's also possible to assign the identifiers to a different symbol. In
this example, the `render` module is made available to the script as
the symbol `r` instead of `render`:

```starlark
load("render.star", r = "render")
```

## Starlib modules

Pixlet offers a subset of the modules provided by the [Starlib
project](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib). For documentation of the
individual modules, please refer to the Starlib documentation.

| Module | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [`compress/gzip.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/blob/master/compress/gzip/gzip) | gzip decompressing |
| [`encoding/base64.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/encoding/base64) | Base 64 encoding and decoding |
| [`encoding/csv.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/encoding/csv) | CSV decoding |
| [`encoding/json.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/encoding/json) | JSON encoding and decoding |
| [`hash.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/hash) | MD5, SHA1, SHA256 hash generation  |
| [`html.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/html) | jQuery-like functions for HTML  |
| [`http.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/http) | HTTP client |
| [`math.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/math) | Mathematical functions and constants |
| [`re.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/re) | Regular expressions |
| [`time.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/time) | Time operations |

## Pixlet module: Cache

In addition to the Starlib modules, Pixlet offers a cache module.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `set(key, value, ttl_seconds=60)` | Writes a key-value pair to the cache, with expiration as a TTL. |
| `get(key)` | Retrieves a value by its key. Returns `None` if `key` doesn't exist or has expired. |

Keys and values must all be string. Serialization of non-string data
is the developer's responsibility.

Example:

```starlark
load("cache.star", "cache")
def get_counter():
    i = cache.get("counter")
    if i == None:
        i = 0
    cache.set("counter", str(i + 1), ttl_seconds=3600)
    return i + 1
...
```
## Pixlet module: Humanize

The `humanize` module has formatters for units to human friendly sizes. 

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `time(date)` | Lets you take a `time.Time` and spit it out in relative terms. For example, `12 seconds ago` or `3 days from now`. |
| `relative_time(date1, date2, label1?, label2?)` | Formats a time into a relative string. It takes two `time.Time`s and two labels. In addition to the generic time delta string (e.g. 5 minutes), the labels are used applied so that the label corresponding to the smaller time is applied. |
| `time_format(format, date?)` | Takes a [Java SimpleDateFormat](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/text/SimpleDateFormat.html) and returns a [Go layout string](https://programming.guide/go/format-parse-string-time-date-example.html). If you pass it a `date`, it will apply the format using the converted layout string and return the formatted date. |
| `bytes(size, iec?)` | Lets you take numbers like `82854982` and convert them to useful strings like, `83 MB`. You can optionally format using IEC sizes like, `83 MiB`. |
| `parse_bytes(formatted_size)` | Lets you take strings like `83 MB` and convert them to the number of bytes it represents like, `82854982`. |
| `comma(num)` | Lets you take numbers like `123456` or `123456.78` and convert them to comma-separated numbers like `123,456` or `123,456.78`. |
| `float(format, num)` | Returns a formatted number as string with options. Examples: given n = 12345.6789:  `#,###.##` => `12,345.67`, `#,###.` => `12,345`|
| `int(format, num)` | Returns a formatted number as string with options. Examples: given n = 12345: `#,###.` => `12,345`|
| `ordinal(num)` | Lets you take numbers like `1` or `2` and convert them to a rank/ordinal format strings like, `1st` or `2nd`. |
| `ftoa(num, digits?)` | Converts a float to a string with no trailing zeros. |
| `plural(quantity, singular, plural?)` | Formats an integer and a string into a single pluralized string. The simple English rules of regular pluralization will be used if the plural form is an empty string (i.e. not explicitly given).. |
| `plural_word(quantity, singular, plural?)` | Builds the plural form of an English word. The simple English rules of regular pluralization will be used if the plural form is an empty string (i.e. not explicitly given). |
| `word_series(words, conjunction)` | Converts a list of words into a word series in English. It returns a string containing all the given words separated by commas, the coordinating conjunction, and a serial comma, as appropriate. |
| `oxford_word_series(words, conjunction)` | Converts a list of words into a word series in English, using an [Oxford comma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serial_comma). It returns a string containing all the given words separated by commas, the coordinating conjunction, and a serial comma, as appropriate. |
| `url_encode(str)` | Escapes the string so it can be safely placed inside a URL query. |
| `url_decode(str)` | The inverse of `url_encode`. Converts each 3-byte encoded substring of the form "%AB" into the hex-decoded byte 0xAB |

Example:

See [examples/humanize.star](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/blob/dc0f876089bb44a28653eba46e8182805944b782/examples/humanize.star) for an example.

## Pixlet module: XPath

The xpath module lets you extract data from XML documents using
[XPath](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XPath) queries.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `loads(doc)` | Parses an XML document and returns an xpath object|

On an xpath object, the following methods are available:

| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `query(path)` | Retrieves text of the first tag matching the path |
| `query_all(path)` | Retrieves text of all tags matching the path |

Example:

```starlark
load("xpath.star", "xpath")

doc = """
<foo>
    <bar>bar</bar>
    <bar>baz</bar>
</foo>
"""

def get_bars():
    x = xpath.loads(doc)
    return x.query_all("/foo/bar")
...
```


## Pixlet module: Render

The `render.star` module is where Pixlet's Widgets live. All of them
are documented in a fair bit of detail in the [widget
documentation](./widgets.md).

Example:

```starlark
load("render.star", r="render")
def main():
    return r.Root(child=r.Box(width=12, height=14, color="#ff0"))
```

## Pixlet module: Schema

The schema module provides configuration options for your app. See the [schema documentation](./schema.md) for more details.

Example:

See [examples/schema_hello_world.star](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/blob/dc0f876089bb44a28653eba46e8182805944b782/examples/schema_hello_world.star) for an example.

## Pixlet module: Secret

The secret module can decrypt values that were encrypted with `pixlet encrypt`.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `decrypt(value)` | Decrypts and returns the value when running in Tidbyt cloud. Returns `None` when running locally. Decryption will fail if the name of the app doesn't match the name that was passed to `pixlet encrypt`.  |

Example:
```starlark
load("secret.star", "secret")

ENCRYPTED_API_KEY = "AV6+..." . # from `pixlet encyrpt`

def main(config):
    api_key = secret.decrypt(ENCRYPTED_API_KEY) or config.get("dev_api_key")
```

## Pixlet module: Sunrise

The `sunrise` module calculates sunrise and sunset times for a given set of GPS coordinates and timestamp. 

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `sunrise(lat, lng, date)` | Calculates the sunrise time for a given location and date. |
| `sunset(lat, lng, date)` | Calculates the sunset time for a given location and date. |

Example:

See [examples/sunrise.star](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/blob/dc0f876089bb44a28653eba46e8182805944b782/examples/sunrise.star) for an example.

## Pixlet module: Random

The `random` module provides a pseudorandom number generator for pixlet.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `number(min, max)` | Returns a random number between the min and max. The min has to be 0 or greater. The min has to be less then the max. |

Example:
```starlark
load("random.star", "random")

def main(config):
    num = random.number(0, 100)
    if num > 50:
        print("You win!")
    else:
        print("Better luck next time!")
```

## Pixlet module: QRCode

The `qrcode` module provides a QR code generator for pixlet!

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `generate(url, size, color?, background?)` | Returns a QR code as an image that can be passed into the image widget. |

Sizing works as follows:
- `small`: 21x21 pixels
- `medium`: 25x25 pixels
- `large`: 29x29 pixels

Note: we're working with some of the smallest possible QR codes in this module, so the amount of data that can be used for the URL is extremely limited.

Example:
```starlark
load("cache.star", "cache")
load("encoding/base64.star", "base64")
load("render.star", "render")
load("qrcode.star", "qrcode")

def main(config):
    url = "https://tidbyt.com?utm_source=pixlet_example"

    data = cache.get(url)
    if data == None:
        code = qrcode.generate(
            url = url,
            size = "large",
            color = "#fff",
            background = "#000",
        )
        cache.set(url, base64.encode(code), ttl_seconds = 3600)
    else:
        code = base64.decode(data)

    return render.Root(
        child = render.Padding(
            child = render.Image(src = code),
            pad = 1,
        ),
    )
```

Commit message:

Add notes about cache and `render.Root` (#204)
* Add notes about cache and `render.Root`

Added a note about cache keys and using `return []` thought the latter was in the docs somewhere, but I didn't look too hard.

* Accidentally changed Header.tsx when playing around. removing changes to it

* Update docs/06_reference/modules.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Mark Spicer <mark@tidbyt.com>

docs/06_reference/modules.md, after:

# Module reference

Pixlet scripts have access to a couple of modules that can be very
helpful in developing applets. To make use of a module, use the `load`
statement.

The example below would load the `render.star` Starlark module,
extract the `render` identifier and make it available to the script
as the symbol `render`.

```starlark
load("render.star", "render")
```

It's also possible to assign the identifiers to a different symbol. In
this example, the `render` module is made available to the script as
the symbol `r` instead of `render`:

```starlark
load("render.star", r = "render")
```

## Starlib modules

Pixlet offers a subset of the modules provided by the [Starlib
project](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib). For documentation of the
individual modules, please refer to the Starlib documentation.

| Module | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [`compress/gzip.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/blob/master/compress/gzip/gzip) | gzip decompressing |
| [`encoding/base64.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/encoding/base64) | Base 64 encoding and decoding |
| [`encoding/csv.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/encoding/csv) | CSV decoding |
| [`encoding/json.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/encoding/json) | JSON encoding and decoding |
| [`hash.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/hash) | MD5, SHA1, SHA256 hash generation  |
| [`html.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/html) | jQuery-like functions for HTML  |
| [`http.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/http) | HTTP client |
| [`math.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/math) | Mathematical functions and constants |
| [`re.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/re) | Regular expressions |
| [`time.star`](https://github.com/qri-io/starlib/tree/master/time) | Time operations |

## Pixlet module: Cache

In addition to the Starlib modules, Pixlet offers a cache module.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `set(key, value, ttl_seconds=60)` | Writes a key-value pair to the cache, with expiration as a TTL. |
| `get(key)` | Retrieves a value by its key. Returns `None` if `key` doesn't exist or has expired. |

Keys and values must all be string. Serialization of non-string data
is the developer's responsibility.

**NOTE*:* The cache is unique _per app_ and not _per installation_. All installations of your app will share the same cache

Example:

```starlark
load("cache.star", "cache")
def get_counter():
    i = cache.get("counter")
    if i == None:
        i = 0
    cache.set("counter", str(i + 1), ttl_seconds=3600)
    return i + 1
...
```
## Pixlet module: Humanize

The `humanize` module has formatters for units to human friendly sizes. 

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `time(date)` | Lets you take a `time.Time` and spit it out in relative terms. For example, `12 seconds ago` or `3 days from now`. |
| `relative_time(date1, date2, label1?, label2?)` | Formats a time into a relative string. It takes two `time.Time`s and two labels. In addition to the generic time delta string (e.g. 5 minutes), the labels are used applied so that the label corresponding to the smaller time is applied. |
| `time_format(format, date?)` | Takes a [Java SimpleDateFormat](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/api/java/text/SimpleDateFormat.html) and returns a [Go layout string](https://programming.guide/go/format-parse-string-time-date-example.html). If you pass it a `date`, it will apply the format using the converted layout string and return the formatted date. |
| `bytes(size, iec?)` | Lets you take numbers like `82854982` and convert them to useful strings like, `83 MB`. You can optionally format using IEC sizes like, `83 MiB`. |
| `parse_bytes(formatted_size)` | Lets you take strings like `83 MB` and convert them to the number of bytes it represents like, `82854982`. |
| `comma(num)` | Lets you take numbers like `123456` or `123456.78` and convert them to comma-separated numbers like `123,456` or `123,456.78`. |
| `float(format, num)` | Returns a formatted number as string with options. Examples: given n = 12345.6789:  `#,###.##` => `12,345.67`, `#,###.` => `12,345`|
| `int(format, num)` | Returns a formatted number as string with options. Examples: given n = 12345: `#,###.` => `12,345`|
| `ordinal(num)` | Lets you take numbers like `1` or `2` and convert them to a rank/ordinal format strings like, `1st` or `2nd`. |
| `ftoa(num, digits?)` | Converts a float to a string with no trailing zeros. |
| `plural(quantity, singular, plural?)` | Formats an integer and a string into a single pluralized string. The simple English rules of regular pluralization will be used if the plural form is an empty string (i.e. not explicitly given).. |
| `plural_word(quantity, singular, plural?)` | Builds the plural form of an English word. The simple English rules of regular pluralization will be used if the plural form is an empty string (i.e. not explicitly given). |
| `word_series(words, conjunction)` | Converts a list of words into a word series in English. It returns a string containing all the given words separated by commas, the coordinating conjunction, and a serial comma, as appropriate. |
| `oxford_word_series(words, conjunction)` | Converts a list of words into a word series in English, using an [Oxford comma](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serial_comma). It returns a string containing all the given words separated by commas, the coordinating conjunction, and a serial comma, as appropriate. |
| `url_encode(str)` | Escapes the string so it can be safely placed inside a URL query. |
| `url_decode(str)` | The inverse of `url_encode`. Converts each 3-byte encoded substring of the form "%AB" into the hex-decoded byte 0xAB |

Example:

See [examples/humanize.star](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/blob/dc0f876089bb44a28653eba46e8182805944b782/examples/humanize.star) for an example.

## Pixlet module: XPath

The xpath module lets you extract data from XML documents using
[XPath](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XPath) queries.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `loads(doc)` | Parses an XML document and returns an xpath object|

On an xpath object, the following methods are available:

| Method | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `query(path)` | Retrieves text of the first tag matching the path |
| `query_all(path)` | Retrieves text of all tags matching the path |

Example:

```starlark
load("xpath.star", "xpath")

doc = """
<foo>
    <bar>bar</bar>
    <bar>baz</bar>
</foo>
"""

def get_bars():
    x = xpath.loads(doc)
    return x.query_all("/foo/bar")
...
```


## Pixlet module: Render

The `render.star` module is where Pixlet's Widgets live. All of them
are documented in a fair bit of detail in the [widget
documentation](./widgets.md).

Example:

```starlark
load("render.star", r="render")
def main():
    return r.Root(child=r.Box(width=12, height=14, color="#ff0"))
```

## Pixlet module: Schema

The schema module provides configuration options for your app. See the [schema documentation](./schema.md) for more details.

Example:

See [examples/schema_hello_world.star](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/blob/dc0f876089bb44a28653eba46e8182805944b782/examples/schema_hello_world.star) for an example.

## Pixlet module: Secret

The secret module can decrypt values that were encrypted with `pixlet encrypt`.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `decrypt(value)` | Decrypts and returns the value when running in Tidbyt cloud. Returns `None` when running locally. Decryption will fail if the name of the app doesn't match the name that was passed to `pixlet encrypt`.  |

Example:
```starlark
load("secret.star", "secret")

ENCRYPTED_API_KEY = "AV6+..." . # from `pixlet encyrpt`

def main(config):
    api_key = secret.decrypt(ENCRYPTED_API_KEY) or config.get("dev_api_key")
```

## Pixlet module: Sunrise

The `sunrise` module calculates sunrise and sunset times for a given set of GPS coordinates and timestamp. 

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `sunrise(lat, lng, date)` | Calculates the sunrise time for a given location and date. |
| `sunset(lat, lng, date)` | Calculates the sunset time for a given location and date. |

Example:

See [examples/sunrise.star](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/blob/dc0f876089bb44a28653eba46e8182805944b782/examples/sunrise.star) for an example.

## Pixlet module: Random

The `random` module provides a pseudorandom number generator for pixlet.

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `number(min, max)` | Returns a random number between the min and max. The min has to be 0 or greater. The min has to be less then the max. |

Example:
```starlark
load("random.star", "random")

def main(config):
    num = random.number(0, 100)
    if num > 50:
        print("You win!")
    else:
        print("Better luck next time!")
```

## Pixlet module: QRCode

The `qrcode` module provides a QR code generator for pixlet!

| Function | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `generate(url, size, color?, background?)` | Returns a QR code as an image that can be passed into the image widget. |

Sizing works as follows:
- `small`: 21x21 pixels
- `medium`: 25x25 pixels
- `large`: 29x29 pixels

Note: we're working with some of the smallest possible QR codes in this module, so the amount of data that can be used for the URL is extremely limited.

Example:
```starlark
load("cache.star", "cache")
load("encoding/base64.star", "base64")
load("render.star", "render")
load("qrcode.star", "qrcode")

def main(config):
    url = "https://tidbyt.com?utm_source=pixlet_example"

    data = cache.get(url)
    if data == None:
        code = qrcode.generate(
            url = url,
            size = "large",
            color = "#fff",
            background = "#000",
        )
        cache.set(url, base64.encode(code), ttl_seconds = 3600)
    else:
        code = base64.decode(data)

    return render.Root(
        child = render.Padding(
            child = render.Image(src = code),
            pad = 1,
        ),
    )
```
