docs/06_reference/widgets.md, before:

# Widgets!

Pixlet comes with a number of built-in _Widgets_. These are used to
describe how data should be laid out, presented and finally rendered
to an image file.

The easiest way to get started is probably to take a look at some of
the [examples](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/tree/main/examples), and then refer to the detailed Widget
documentation (this document) when the need arises.

A quick note about colors.  When specifying colors, use a CSS-like
hexdecimal color specification.  Pixlet supports `#rgb`, `#rrggbb`,
`#rgba`, and `#rrggbbaa` color specifications.

## Animation
Animations turns a list of children into an animation, where each
child is a frame.

FIXME: Behavior when children themselves are animated is a bit
weird. Think and fix.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Children to use as frames in the animation | N |

#### Example
```
render.Animation(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=10, color="#300"),
          render.Box(width=12, height=12, color="#500"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=14, color="#700"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=16, color="#900"),
          render.Box(width=18, height=18, color="#b00"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Animation_0.gif)


## Box
A Box is a rectangular widget that can hold a child widget.

Boxes are transparent unless `color` is provided. They expand to
fill all available space, unless `width` and/or `height` is
provided. Boxes can have a `child`, which will be centered in the
box, and the child can be padded (via `padding`).

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | Child to center inside box | N |
| `width` | `int` | Limits Box width | N |
| `height` | `int` | Limits Box height | N |
| `padding` | `int` | Padding around the child widget | N |
| `color` | `color` | Background color | N |

#### Example
```
render.Box(
     color="#00f",
     child=render.Box(
          width=20,
          height=10,
          color="#f00",
     )
)
```
![](img/widget_Box_0.gif)


## Circle
Circle draws a circle with the given `diameter` and `color`. If a
`child` widget is provided, it is drawn in the center of the
circle.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `color` | `color` | Fill color | **Y** |
| `diameter` | `int` | Diameter of the circle | **Y** |
| `child` | `Widget` | Widget to place in the center of the circle | N |

#### Example
```
render.Circle(
     color="#666",
     diameter=30,
     child=render.Circle(color="#0ff", diameter=10),
)
```
![](img/widget_Circle_0.gif)


## Column
Column lays out and draws its children vertically (in a column).

By default, a Column is as small as possible, while still holding
all its children. However, if `expanded` is set, the Column will
fill all available space vertically. The width of a Column is
always that of its widest child.

Alignment along the vertical main axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `main_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the beginning of the column
- `"end"`: place children at the end of the column
- `"center"`: place children in the middle of the column
- `"space_between"`: place equal space between children
- `"space_evenly"`: equal space between children and before/after first/last child
- `"space_around"`: equal space between children, and half of that before/after first/last child

Alignment along the horizontal cross axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `cross_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the left
- `"end"`: place children at the right
- `"center"`: place children in the center

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Child widgets to lay out | **Y** |
| `main_align` | `str` | Alignment along vertical main axis | N |
| `cross_align` | `str` | Alignment along horizontal cross axis | N |
| `expanded` | `bool` | Column should expand to fill all available vertical space | N |

#### Example
```
render.Column(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Column_0.gif)
#### Example
```
render.Column(
     expanded=True,
     main_align="space_around",
     cross_align="center",
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Column_1.gif)


## Image
Image renders the binary image data passed via `src`. Supported
formats include PNG, JPEG and GIF.

If `width` or `height` are set, the image will be scaled
accordingly, with nearest neighbor interpolation. Otherwise the
image's original dimensions are used.

If the image data encodes an animated GIF, the Image instance will
also be animated. Frame delay (in milliseconds) can be read from
the `delay` attribute.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `src` | `str` | Binary image data | **Y** |
| `width` | `int` | Scale image to this width | N |
| `height` | `int` | Scale image to this height | N |
| `delay` | `int` | (Read-only) Frame delay in ms, for animated GIFs | N |



## Marquee
Marquee scrolls its child horizontally or vertically.

The `scroll_direction` will be 'horizontal' and will scroll from right
to left if left empty, if specified as 'vertical' the Marquee will
scroll from bottom to top.

In horizontal mode the height of the Marquee will be that of its child,
but its `width` must be specified explicitly. In vertical mode the width
will be that of its child but the `height` must be specified explicitly.

If the child's width fits fully, it will not scroll.

The `offset_start` and `offset_end` parameters control the position
of the child in the beginning and the end of the animation.

Alignment for a child that fits fully along the horizontal/vertical axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `align` values:
- `"start"`: place child at the left/top
- `"end"`: place child at the right/bottom
- `"center"`: place child at the center

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | Widget to potentially scroll | **Y** |
| `width` | `int` | Width of the Marquee, required for horizontal | N |
| `height` | `int` | Height of the Marquee, required for vertical | N |
| `offset_start` | `int` | Position of child at beginning of animation | N |
| `offset_end` | `int` | Position of child at end of animation | N |
| `scroll_direction` | `str` | Direction to scroll, 'vertical' or 'horizontal', default is horizontal | N |
| `align` | `str` | Alignment of child that fits fully, default is 'start' | N |

#### Example
```
render.Marquee(
     width=64,
     child=render.Text("this won't fit in 64 pixels"),
     offset_start=5,
     offset_end=32,
)
```
![](img/widget_Marquee_0.gif)


## Padding
Padding places padding around its child.

If the `pad` attribute is a single integer, that amount of padding
will be placed on all sides of the child. If it's a 4-tuple `(left,
top, right, bottom)`, then padding will be placed on the sides
accordingly.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | The Widget to place padding around | **Y** |
| `pad` | `int / (int, int, int, int)` | Padding around the child | N |
| `expanded` | `bool` | This is a confusing parameter | N |
| `color` | `color` | Background color | N |



## Plot
Plot is a widget that draws a data series.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `data` | `[(float, float)]` | A list of 2-tuples of numbers | **Y** |
| `width` | `int` | Limits Plot width | **Y** |
| `height` | `int` | Limits Plot height | **Y** |
| `color` | `color` | Line color, default is '#fff' | N |
| `color_inverted` | `color` | Line color for Y-values below 0 | N |
| `x_lim` | `(float, float)` | Limit X-axis to a range | N |
| `y_lim` | `(float, float)` | Limit Y-axis to a range | N |
| `fill` | `bool` | Paint surface between line and X-axis | N |
| `fill_color` | `color` | Fill color for Y-values above 0 | N |
| `fill_color_inverted` | `color` | Fill color for Y-values below 0 | N |

#### Example
```
render.Plot(
  data = [
    (0, 3.35),
    (1, 2.15),
    (2, 2.37),
    (3, -0.31),
    (4, -3.53),
    (5, 1.31),
    (6, -1.3),
    (7, 4.60),
    (8, 3.33),
    (9, 5.92),
  ],
  width = 64,
  height = 32,
  color = "#0f0",
  color_inverted = "#f00",
  x_lim = (0, 9),
  y_lim = (-5, 7),
  fill = True,
),
```
![](img/widget_Plot_0.gif)


## Root
Every Widget tree has a Root.

The child widget, and all its descendants, will be drawn on a 64x32
canvas. Root places its child in the upper left corner of the
canvas.

If the tree contains animated widgets, the resulting animation will
run with _delay_ milliseconds per frame.

If the tree holds time sensitive information which must never be
displayed past a certain point in time, pass _MaxAge_ to specify
an expiration time in seconds. Display devices use this to avoid
displaying stale data in the event of e.g. connectivity issues.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | Widget to render | **Y** |
| `delay` | `int` | Frame delay in milliseconds | N |
| `max_age` | `int` | Expiration time in seconds | N |



## Row
Row lays out and draws its children horizontally (in a row).

By default, a Row is as small as possible, while still holding all
its children. However, if `expanded` is set, the Row will fill all
available space horizontally. The height of a Row is always that of
its tallest child.

Alignment along the horizontal main axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `main_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the beginning of the row
- `"end"`: place children at the end of the row
- `"center"`: place children in the middle of the row
- `"space_between"`: place equal space between children
- `"space_evenly"`: equal space between children and before/after first/last child
- `"space_around"`: equal space between children, and half of that before/after first/last child

Alignment along the vertical cross axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `cross_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the top
- `"end"`: place children at the bottom
- `"center"`: place children at the center

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Child widgets to lay out | **Y** |
| `main_align` | `str` | Alignment along horizontal main axis | N |
| `cross_align` | `str` | Alignment along vertical cross axis | N |
| `expanded` | `bool` | Row should expand to fill all available horizontal space | N |

#### Example
```
render.Row(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Row_0.gif)
#### Example
```
render.Row(
     expanded=True,
     main_align="space_between",
     cross_align="end",
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Row_1.gif)


## Sequence
Sequence renders a list of child widgets in sequence.

Each child widget is rendered for the duration of its
frame count, then the next child widget in the list will
be rendered and so on.

It comes in quite useful when chaining animations.
If you want to know more about that, go check
out the [animation](../06_reference/animation.md) documentation.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | List of child widgets | **Y** |

#### Example
```
render.Sequence(
  children = [
    animation.Transformation(...),
    animation.Transformation(...),
    ...
  ],
),
```


## Stack
Stack draws its children on top of each other.

Just like a stack of pancakes, except with Widgets instead of
pancakes. The Stack will be given a width and height sufficient to
fit all its children.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Widgets to stack | **Y** |

#### Example
```
render.Stack(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=50, height=25, color="#911"),
          render.Text("hello there"),
          render.Box(width=4, height=32, color="#119"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Stack_0.gif)


## Text
Text draws a string of text on a single line.

By default, the text will use the "tb-8" font, but other fonts can
be chosen via the `font` attribute. The `height` and `offset`
parameters allow fine tuning of the vertical layout of the
string. Take a look at the [font documentation](../02_build/07_fonts_in_pixlet.md) for more
information.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `content` | `str` | The text string to draw | **Y** |
| `font` | `str` | Desired font face | N |
| `height` | `int` | Limits height of the area on which text is drawn | N |
| `offset` | `int` | Shifts position of text vertically. | N |
| `color` | `color` | Desired font color | N |

#### Example
```
render.Text(content="Tidbyt!", color="#099")
```
![](img/widget_Text_0.gif)


## WrappedText
WrappedText draws multi-line text.

The optional `width` and `height` parameters limit the drawing
area. If not set, WrappedText will use as much vertical and
horizontal space as possible to fit the text.

Alignment of the text is controlled by passing one of the following `align` values:
- `"left"`: align text to the left
- `"center"`: align text in the center
- `"right"`: align text to the right
#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `content` | `str` | The text string to draw | **Y** |
| `font` | `str` | Desired font face | N |
| `height` | `int` | Limits height of the area on which text may be drawn | N |
| `width` | `int` | Limits width of the area on which text may be drawn | N |
| `linespacing` | `int` | Controls spacing between lines | N |
| `color` | `color` | Desired font color | N |
| `align` | `str` | Text Alignment | N |

#### Example
```
render.WrappedText(
      content="this is a multi-line text string",
      width=50,
      color="#fa0",
)
```
![](img/widget_WrappedText_0.gif)

Commit message:

Add notes about cache and `render.Root` (#204)
* Add notes about cache and `render.Root`

Added a note about cache keys and using `return []` thought the latter was in the docs somewhere, but I didn't look too hard.

* Accidentally changed Header.tsx when playing around. removing changes to it

* Update docs/06_reference/modules.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Mark Spicer <mark@tidbyt.com>

docs/06_reference/widgets.md, after:

# Widgets!

Pixlet comes with a number of built-in _Widgets_. These are used to
describe how data should be laid out, presented and finally rendered
to an image file.

The easiest way to get started is probably to take a look at some of
the [examples](https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/tree/main/examples), and then refer to the detailed Widget
documentation (this document) when the need arises.

A quick note about colors.  When specifying colors, use a CSS-like
hexdecimal color specification.  Pixlet supports `#rgb`, `#rrggbb`,
`#rgba`, and `#rrggbbaa` color specifications.

## Animation
Animations turns a list of children into an animation, where each
child is a frame.

FIXME: Behavior when children themselves are animated is a bit
weird. Think and fix.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Children to use as frames in the animation | N |

#### Example
```
render.Animation(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=10, color="#300"),
          render.Box(width=12, height=12, color="#500"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=14, color="#700"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=16, color="#900"),
          render.Box(width=18, height=18, color="#b00"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Animation_0.gif)


## Box
A Box is a rectangular widget that can hold a child widget.

Boxes are transparent unless `color` is provided. They expand to
fill all available space, unless `width` and/or `height` is
provided. Boxes can have a `child`, which will be centered in the
box, and the child can be padded (via `padding`).

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | Child to center inside box | N |
| `width` | `int` | Limits Box width | N |
| `height` | `int` | Limits Box height | N |
| `padding` | `int` | Padding around the child widget | N |
| `color` | `color` | Background color | N |

#### Example
```
render.Box(
     color="#00f",
     child=render.Box(
          width=20,
          height=10,
          color="#f00",
     )
)
```
![](img/widget_Box_0.gif)


## Circle
Circle draws a circle with the given `diameter` and `color`. If a
`child` widget is provided, it is drawn in the center of the
circle.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `color` | `color` | Fill color | **Y** |
| `diameter` | `int` | Diameter of the circle | **Y** |
| `child` | `Widget` | Widget to place in the center of the circle | N |

#### Example
```
render.Circle(
     color="#666",
     diameter=30,
     child=render.Circle(color="#0ff", diameter=10),
)
```
![](img/widget_Circle_0.gif)


## Column
Column lays out and draws its children vertically (in a column).

By default, a Column is as small as possible, while still holding
all its children. However, if `expanded` is set, the Column will
fill all available space vertically. The width of a Column is
always that of its widest child.

Alignment along the vertical main axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `main_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the beginning of the column
- `"end"`: place children at the end of the column
- `"center"`: place children in the middle of the column
- `"space_between"`: place equal space between children
- `"space_evenly"`: equal space between children and before/after first/last child
- `"space_around"`: equal space between children, and half of that before/after first/last child

Alignment along the horizontal cross axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `cross_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the left
- `"end"`: place children at the right
- `"center"`: place children in the center

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Child widgets to lay out | **Y** |
| `main_align` | `str` | Alignment along vertical main axis | N |
| `cross_align` | `str` | Alignment along horizontal cross axis | N |
| `expanded` | `bool` | Column should expand to fill all available vertical space | N |

#### Example
```
render.Column(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Column_0.gif)
#### Example
```
render.Column(
     expanded=True,
     main_align="space_around",
     cross_align="center",
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Column_1.gif)


## Image
Image renders the binary image data passed via `src`. Supported
formats include PNG, JPEG and GIF.

If `width` or `height` are set, the image will be scaled
accordingly, with nearest neighbor interpolation. Otherwise the
image's original dimensions are used.

If the image data encodes an animated GIF, the Image instance will
also be animated. Frame delay (in milliseconds) can be read from
the `delay` attribute.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `src` | `str` | Binary image data | **Y** |
| `width` | `int` | Scale image to this width | N |
| `height` | `int` | Scale image to this height | N |
| `delay` | `int` | (Read-only) Frame delay in ms, for animated GIFs | N |



## Marquee
Marquee scrolls its child horizontally or vertically.

The `scroll_direction` will be 'horizontal' and will scroll from right
to left if left empty, if specified as 'vertical' the Marquee will
scroll from bottom to top.

In horizontal mode the height of the Marquee will be that of its child,
but its `width` must be specified explicitly. In vertical mode the width
will be that of its child but the `height` must be specified explicitly.

If the child's width fits fully, it will not scroll.

The `offset_start` and `offset_end` parameters control the position
of the child in the beginning and the end of the animation.

Alignment for a child that fits fully along the horizontal/vertical axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `align` values:
- `"start"`: place child at the left/top
- `"end"`: place child at the right/bottom
- `"center"`: place child at the center

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | Widget to potentially scroll | **Y** |
| `width` | `int` | Width of the Marquee, required for horizontal | N |
| `height` | `int` | Height of the Marquee, required for vertical | N |
| `offset_start` | `int` | Position of child at beginning of animation | N |
| `offset_end` | `int` | Position of child at end of animation | N |
| `scroll_direction` | `str` | Direction to scroll, 'vertical' or 'horizontal', default is horizontal | N |
| `align` | `str` | Alignment of child that fits fully, default is 'start' | N |

#### Example
```
render.Marquee(
     width=64,
     child=render.Text("this won't fit in 64 pixels"),
     offset_start=5,
     offset_end=32,
)
```
![](img/widget_Marquee_0.gif)


## Padding
Padding places padding around its child.

If the `pad` attribute is a single integer, that amount of padding
will be placed on all sides of the child. If it's a 4-tuple `(left,
top, right, bottom)`, then padding will be placed on the sides
accordingly.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | The Widget to place padding around | **Y** |
| `pad` | `int / (int, int, int, int)` | Padding around the child | N |
| `expanded` | `bool` | This is a confusing parameter | N |
| `color` | `color` | Background color | N |



## Plot
Plot is a widget that draws a data series.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `data` | `[(float, float)]` | A list of 2-tuples of numbers | **Y** |
| `width` | `int` | Limits Plot width | **Y** |
| `height` | `int` | Limits Plot height | **Y** |
| `color` | `color` | Line color, default is '#fff' | N |
| `color_inverted` | `color` | Line color for Y-values below 0 | N |
| `x_lim` | `(float, float)` | Limit X-axis to a range | N |
| `y_lim` | `(float, float)` | Limit Y-axis to a range | N |
| `fill` | `bool` | Paint surface between line and X-axis | N |
| `fill_color` | `color` | Fill color for Y-values above 0 | N |
| `fill_color_inverted` | `color` | Fill color for Y-values below 0 | N |

#### Example
```
render.Plot(
  data = [
    (0, 3.35),
    (1, 2.15),
    (2, 2.37),
    (3, -0.31),
    (4, -3.53),
    (5, 1.31),
    (6, -1.3),
    (7, 4.60),
    (8, 3.33),
    (9, 5.92),
  ],
  width = 64,
  height = 32,
  color = "#0f0",
  color_inverted = "#f00",
  x_lim = (0, 9),
  y_lim = (-5, 7),
  fill = True,
),
```
![](img/widget_Plot_0.gif)


## Root
Every Widget tree has a Root.

The child widget, and all its descendants, will be drawn on a 64x32
canvas. Root places its child in the upper left corner of the
canvas.

If the tree contains animated widgets, the resulting animation will
run with _delay_ milliseconds per frame.

If the tree holds time sensitive information which must never be
displayed past a certain point in time, pass _MaxAge_ to specify
an expiration time in seconds. Display devices use this to avoid
displaying stale data in the event of e.g. connectivity issues.

**NOTE*:* If you only want your app to display when there is data (e.g. for alerts) you can use `return []` rather than `return render.Root`. This will cause your app to not display in your app rotation.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `child` | `Widget` | Widget to render | **Y** |
| `delay` | `int` | Frame delay in milliseconds | N |
| `max_age` | `int` | Expiration time in seconds | N |



## Row
Row lays out and draws its children horizontally (in a row).

By default, a Row is as small as possible, while still holding all
its children. However, if `expanded` is set, the Row will fill all
available space horizontally. The height of a Row is always that of
its tallest child.

Alignment along the horizontal main axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `main_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the beginning of the row
- `"end"`: place children at the end of the row
- `"center"`: place children in the middle of the row
- `"space_between"`: place equal space between children
- `"space_evenly"`: equal space between children and before/after first/last child
- `"space_around"`: equal space between children, and half of that before/after first/last child

Alignment along the vertical cross axis is controlled by passing
one of the following `cross_align` values:
- `"start"`: place children at the top
- `"end"`: place children at the bottom
- `"center"`: place children at the center

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Child widgets to lay out | **Y** |
| `main_align` | `str` | Alignment along horizontal main axis | N |
| `cross_align` | `str` | Alignment along vertical cross axis | N |
| `expanded` | `bool` | Row should expand to fill all available horizontal space | N |

#### Example
```
render.Row(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Row_0.gif)
#### Example
```
render.Row(
     expanded=True,
     main_align="space_between",
     cross_align="end",
     children=[
          render.Box(width=10, height=8, color="#a00"),
          render.Box(width=14, height=6, color="#0a0"),
          render.Box(width=16, height=4, color="#00a"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Row_1.gif)


## Sequence
Sequence renders a list of child widgets in sequence.

Each child widget is rendered for the duration of its
frame count, then the next child widget in the list will
be rendered and so on.

It comes in quite useful when chaining animations.
If you want to know more about that, go check
out the [animation](../06_reference/animation.md) documentation.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | List of child widgets | **Y** |

#### Example
```
render.Sequence(
  children = [
    animation.Transformation(...),
    animation.Transformation(...),
    ...
  ],
),
```


## Stack
Stack draws its children on top of each other.

Just like a stack of pancakes, except with Widgets instead of
pancakes. The Stack will be given a width and height sufficient to
fit all its children.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `children` | `[Widget]` | Widgets to stack | **Y** |

#### Example
```
render.Stack(
     children=[
          render.Box(width=50, height=25, color="#911"),
          render.Text("hello there"),
          render.Box(width=4, height=32, color="#119"),
     ],
)
```
![](img/widget_Stack_0.gif)


## Text
Text draws a string of text on a single line.

By default, the text will use the "tb-8" font, but other fonts can
be chosen via the `font` attribute. The `height` and `offset`
parameters allow fine tuning of the vertical layout of the
string. Take a look at the [font documentation](../02_build/07_fonts_in_pixlet.md) for more
information.

#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `content` | `str` | The text string to draw | **Y** |
| `font` | `str` | Desired font face | N |
| `height` | `int` | Limits height of the area on which text is drawn | N |
| `offset` | `int` | Shifts position of text vertically. | N |
| `color` | `color` | Desired font color | N |

#### Example
```
render.Text(content="Tidbyt!", color="#099")
```
![](img/widget_Text_0.gif)


## WrappedText
WrappedText draws multi-line text.

The optional `width` and `height` parameters limit the drawing
area. If not set, WrappedText will use as much vertical and
horizontal space as possible to fit the text.

Alignment of the text is controlled by passing one of the following `align` values:
- `"left"`: align text to the left
- `"center"`: align text in the center
- `"right"`: align text to the right
#### Attributes
| Name | Type | Description | Required |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| `content` | `str` | The text string to draw | **Y** |
| `font` | `str` | Desired font face | N |
| `height` | `int` | Limits height of the area on which text may be drawn | N |
| `width` | `int` | Limits width of the area on which text may be drawn | N |
| `linespacing` | `int` | Controls spacing between lines | N |
| `color` | `color` | Desired font color | N |
| `align` | `str` | Text Alignment | N |

#### Example
```
render.WrappedText(
      content="this is a multi-line text string",
      width=50,
      color="#fa0",
)
```
![](img/widget_WrappedText_0.gif)
