docs/02_build/02_installing_pixlet.md, before:

# Installing Pixlet
To use Pixlet, one first has to install the CLI tool.

## Install on macOS
First, install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) on your computer. Then, in your terminal, run the following:

```
brew install tidbyt/tidbyt/pixlet
```

## Install on Linux

Download the `pixlet` binary from [the latest release][1] and move it into your `PATH`. A complete example looks like the following:

```bash
# Download the archive.
curl -LO https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/releases/download/v0.22.4/pixlet_0.22.4_linux_amd64.tar.gz

# Unpack the archive.
tar -xvf pixlet_0.22.4_linux_amd64.tar.gz

# Ensure the binary is executable.
chmod +x ./pixlet

# Move the binary into your path.
sudo mv pixlet /usr/local/bin/pixlet
```

## Install on Windows
First, install a file archiver that can support `tar.gz` archives if you don't already have one. [NanaZip](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/nanazip/9N8G7TSCL18R) works great if you don't know where to start. Once installed, Download the Windows `pixlet` binary from [the latest release][1] on GitHub. 

Open the file with NanaZip and double click on the archive to see the contents. Then, click extract:
![windows NanaZip extract](img/windows_extract.png)

Navigate to `This PC` -> `Local Disk` -> `Program Files` and create a folder named Pixlet. Copy the extracted contents to this folder:
![windows pixlet folder](img/windows_pixlet_folder.png)

Go to `Settings` and search for `environment variables` and select `Edit the system environment variables`:
![windows env 01](img/windows_env_01.png)

Click `Environment Variables`:
![windows env 02](img/windows_env_02.png)

Under `User space variables`, select `Path` and select `Edit`:
![windows env 03](img/windows_env_03.png)

Click `New` and browse to the newly created Pixlet folder and click ok:
![windows env 04](img/windows_env_04.png)

Open a new instance of PowerShell and run `pixlet version`. If all went well, you should see the following:
![windows env 05](img/windows_env_05.png)

[1]: https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/releases/latest

Commit message:

Update download example
The download example is outdated and 22.4 was missing commands like
create, lint, etc. This causes confusion (for me) and in the forums.
Update to the latest release link and add a note that you may need
to do more updates later.

docs/02_build/02_installing_pixlet.md, after:

# Installing Pixlet
To use Pixlet, one first has to install the CLI tool.

## Install on macOS
First, install [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) on your computer. Then, in your terminal, run the following:

```
brew install tidbyt/tidbyt/pixlet
```

## Install on Linux

Download the `pixlet` binary from [the latest release][1] and move it into your `PATH`. The latest release
will contain updated commands and fixes so you may want to repeat this install every few months.  A complete 
example looks like the following:

```bash
# Download the archive.
curl -LO https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/releases/download/v0.33.5/pixlet_0.33.5_linux_amd64.tar.gz

# Unpack the archive.
tar -xvf pixlet_0.33.5_linux_amd64.tar.gz

# Ensure the binary is executable.
chmod +x ./pixlet

# Move the binary into your path.
sudo mv pixlet /usr/local/bin/pixlet
```

## Install on Windows
First, install a file archiver that can support `tar.gz` archives if you don't already have one. [NanaZip](https://apps.microsoft.com/store/detail/nanazip/9N8G7TSCL18R) works great if you don't know where to start. Once installed, Download the Windows `pixlet` binary from [the latest release][1] on GitHub. 

Open the file with NanaZip and double click on the archive to see the contents. Then, click extract:
![windows NanaZip extract](img/windows_extract.png)

Navigate to `This PC` -> `Local Disk` -> `Program Files` and create a folder named Pixlet. Copy the extracted contents to this folder:
![windows pixlet folder](img/windows_pixlet_folder.png)

Go to `Settings` and search for `environment variables` and select `Edit the system environment variables`:
![windows env 01](img/windows_env_01.png)

Click `Environment Variables`:
![windows env 02](img/windows_env_02.png)

Under `User space variables`, select `Path` and select `Edit`:
![windows env 03](img/windows_env_03.png)

Click `New` and browse to the newly created Pixlet folder and click ok:
![windows env 04](img/windows_env_04.png)

Open a new instance of PowerShell and run `pixlet version`. If all went well, you should see the following:
![windows env 05](img/windows_env_05.png)

[1]: https://github.com/tidbyt/pixlet/releases/latest
